Add state transition logic related to AIR state for FSM and PDM (#633)
UBCFormulaElectric/Consolidated-Firmware: specs.md

ID | Title | Description | Associated Competition Rule(s)
--- | --- | --- | ---
FSM-17 | Entering the AIR-Open state | The FSM state machine must begin in the AIR-Open state by default.

> FSM-12 | Exiting the AIR-Open state | The FSM must enter the AIR-Closed state when the BMS closes the AIR+ and AIR-.

Author: The gist of the changes is removing contactor in favor of AIR (Accumulator Isolation Relay) to be less ambiguous.

FSM-12 | Exiting the AIR-Open state | The FSM must enter the AIR-Closed state when the BMS closes the AIR+ and AIR-.

### FSM AIR-Closed State <a name="FSM_AIR_CLOSED"></a>
ID | Title | Description | Associated Competition Rule(s)
--- | --- | --- | ---
FSM-14 | Coolant flow measurements | - The FSM must measure the coolant flow and apply a heavy low pass filter on the signal (TODO: manually find LPF constant and leave it here). <br/> - If the coolant flow is below the minimum threshold for 1s continuously, the FSM must send a motor shutdown fault. <br/> - If the coolant flow returns above the minimum threshold for 1s continuously, the FSM must clear the motor shutdown fault. <br/> - The FSM must transmit the coolant flow over CAN at 1Hz or faster.

> FSM-13 | Entering the AIR-Closed state | The FSM must enter the AIR-Closed state when the BMS closes the contactors.

Author: Looks like FSM-13 was misused. 

"Entering X state" should be describing what to do when any state transitions to "X state". _Not_ when we should transition.

Also the behaviour described in FSM-13 overlaps with FSM-12.

> FSM-15 | Exiting the AIR-Closed state | The FSM must enter the AIR-Open state when the BMS open either the AIR+ or AIR-.

Author: Same problem as this one: https://github.com/UBCFormulaElectric/Consolidated-Firmware/pull/633/files#r430846860

--- | --- | --- | ---
PDM-16 | Selective e-fuse enabling | The PDM must only enable the following e-fuse outputs in the AIR-Open state: AUX 1, AUX 2, Energy Meter, CAN, AIR SHDN
PDM-15 | Entering the AIR-Open state | The PDM must enter the AIR-Open state after the init state is complete.
PDM-17 | Exiting the AIR-Open state | The PDM must enter the AIR-Closed state when the BMS closes the contactors.
PDM-17 | Exiting the AIR-Open state | The PDM must enter the AIR-Closed state when the BMS closes the AIR+ and AIR-.

### PDM AIR-Closed State <a name="PDM_AIR_CLOSED"></a>
ID | Title | Description | Associated Competition Rule(s)
--- | --- | --- | ---
PDM-19 | Selective e-fuse enabling | The PDM must enable all e-fuse outputs in the AIR-Closed state, except for the inverters, which depend on the following:. <br/> <br/> If the start switch is off AND the car is travelling slower than 10km/h, both inverters must be disabled. Otherwise, both inverters must be enabled, to protect against BEMF.

> PDM-18 | Entering the AIR-Closed state | The PDM must enter the AIR-Closed state when the BMS closes the contactors.

Author: Same problem as the one mentioned here: https://github.com/UBCFormulaElectric/Consolidated-Firmware/pull/633/files#r430845101

> PDM-20 | Exiting the AIR-Closed state | The PDM must enter the AIR-Open state when the BMS opens the AIR+ or AIR-.

Author: I believe the intention here is that if _either_ AIR is open, we should go to AIR open state. Not _both_ contactors.

BMS-7 | Charge temperature limits | The BMS must throw an AIR shutdown fault and enter the fault state if charging is attempted outside of these bounds: <br/>  0.0C < any cell temperature < 45.0C. | EV.5.1.3, EV.5.1.10
BMS-9 | Charger detection and logging | - The BMS must check the charger connection status at 1Hz by the state of the CHARGE_STATE_3V3 digital input. <br/> - The BMS must log the charger connection status over CAN at 1Hz or faster.
BMS-10 | Charger enable/disable | The BMS must enable the charger by setting the BMS PON pin high and disable the charger by setting the BMS PON pin low.
BMS-11 | AIRs weld/stuck open detection | The BMS must check that the AIR+ and AIR- are in the desired open or closed state at 1kHz, and if not the BMS must throw an AIR shutdown fault and enter the fault state.
BMS-36 | IMD data transmission | The BMS must transmit the high/low status of the IMD's OK_HS output, the information encoded in the IMD's PWM output, and the seconds elapsed since the IMD was powered on.
BMS-37 | OK status transmission | The BMS must transmit the on/off status of BMS_OK, IMD_OK and BSPD_OK at 100Hz or faster.

> BMS-38 | AIR state transmission | The BMS must transmit the state of the AIRs over CAN at 100Hz or faster.

Author: ```suggestion
BMS-38 | AIR states transmission | The BMS must transmit the open/closed state of the AIR+ and AIR- over CAN at 100Hz or faster.
```
